Update repository meta data (#557)
hacs/documentation: source/docs/use/repositories/dashboard.md

3. **Troubleshooting**: Don't see the status or type in your table?
    - Make sure the [columns are not hidden](https://www.home-assistant.io/docs/organizing/tables#customizing-columns)

## Updating repository metadata

> HACS [regularly checks the repositories for updates](/docs/faq/data_sources/#updates) and imports the new metadata, if there were changes. The metadata is what HACS knows about this repository. For example: the description, the documentation, the version information. In general, you do not need to check for updates. It is done automatically. But if you want to check immediately, you can manually trigger an update of the repository data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HACS [regularly checks the repositories for updates](/docs/faq/data_sources.md/#updates) and imports the new metadata, if there were changes. The metadata is what HACS knows about this repository. For example: the description, the documentation, the version information. In general, you do not need to check for updates. It is done automatically. But if you want to check immediately, you can manually trigger an update of the repository data.
```

            **Update information** only updates what HACS knows about this repository. To get the new software version, you need to [download](#downloading-a-repository) it.

## Downloading a repository

To use the functionality provided by a repository, you need to download it to Home Assistant.

1. In Home Assistant, open HACS and find the repository of interest.
2. Select the repository and view it's overview page.
    - The main section of this view renders the README file of the repository.
    - The **badges** on top provide some key information, such as author, [GitHub](https://github.com) stars, and number of open issues and pull requests.
        - This page should also contain the documentation on how to use it.
        - The content depends on the repository [type](/docs/use/repositories/type/index.md) and on the information the author provides.

    ![Repository dashboard](/assets/images/screenshots/repository/overview/light.png#only-light)
    ![Repository dashboard](/assets/images/screenshots/repository/overview/dark.png#only-dark)

3. To download the repository, in the bottom-right corner, select the **Download** button.

>     - This opens a dialog that lets you select a specific version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This opens a dialog that lets you download the repository. You can also select a different version, if needed.
```
